src/main/java/String_Manipulation/README.md, before:

# Algorithms on String Data Structures in Java

## Methodology
Test Driven Development approach with jUnit 4.0 for the test cases.

| Algorithm Challenge              | Function                                                                                                                                      |
|----------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [Get the Smallest and Largest Substring](https://github.com/Austinuc/Algorithms-and-Data-Structures-in-Java/blob/main/src/main/java/StringManipulation/GetSmallestAndLargest.java) | Finds the lexicographically smallest and largest substrings of length 'k' from a given String 's'                                             |
| [Palindromic strings](https://github.com/Austinuc/Algorithms-and-Data-Structures-in-Java/blob/main/src/main/java/StringManipulation/PalindromicString.java)          | Checks if a given string is a palindrome or not                                                                                               |
| [Split String](https://github.com/Austinuc/Algorithms-and-Data-Structures-in-Java/blob/main/src/main/java/StringManipulation/SplitStrings.java) | splits the string into pairs of two characters. Replaces the missing character in a string of odd number of characters with an underscore (_) |

Commit message:

Added method for finding the max length of a substring with unique characters in a given string

src/main/java/String_Manipulation/README.md, after:

# Algorithms on String Data Structures in Java

## Methodology
Test Driven Development approach with jUnit 4.0 for the test cases.

| Algorithm Challenge                                                                                                                                                                | Function                                                                                                                                      |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [Get the Smallest and Largest Substring](https://github.com/Austinuc/Algorithms-and-Data-Structures-in-Java/blob/main/src/main/java/StringManipulation/GetSmallestAndLargest.java) | Finds the lexicographically smallest and largest substrings of length 'k' from a given String 's'                                             |
| [Palindromic strings](https://github.com/Austinuc/Algorithms-and-Data-Structures-in-Java/blob/main/src/main/java/StringManipulation/PalindromicString.java)                        | Checks if a given string is a palindrome or not                                                                                               |
| [Split String](https://github.com/Austinuc/Algorithms-and-Data-Structures-in-Java/blob/main/src/main/java/StringManipulation/SplitStrings.java)                                    | splits the string into pairs of two characters. Replaces the missing character in a string of odd number of characters with an underscore (_) |
| [Longest Substring Without Repeating Characters]()                                                                                                                                 | Finds the length of the longest substring without repeating characters from a given String s.                                                 |
